So we're going to look at doing implementing RANSAC for lines.
There is a quiz exercise that you'll be doing.
It'll get you prepped for extending RANSAC to doing plain fitting, and then actually,
you'll be able to write exactly what we were just doing for that PCL segmentation,
but you can write it from scratch in C ++,
and fully understand the algorithm,
and even make extensions onto it.
There are some different options that you can do in
different flavors of RANSAC that you can explore.
So in this quiz,
for doing the random sampling,
let's just do the minimum number of points needed to fit a line.
What's the minimum number of points needed to fit a line? Just two.
So we'll just take two points from the data,
randomly sampled for each iteration,
and then we'll fit a line between those two points.
Then for all the other points in the data,
we calculate the distance from that point to the fitted line,
and if the distance is within the tolerance,
the distance tolerance that we're defining,
then that point is an inlier.
So we're doing this for each iteration,
we count how many inliers that iteration has.
The iteration that has the most in inliers is the best line.
That's what we'll be using as the inliers that we later give to the separate PointClouds.